[Intro]
Hi, my name is Ali Caudle and I am a Graphic Designer.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
What inspired me to pursue graphic design was essentially having doodled my entire way through high school
and then finding out that I could actually get paid to do that.
[What are some great things you’ve done to adapt to the work/school from home life?]
The best thing that I have done to adapt to at-home school has been
stealing this office chair from my significant other
so that I avoid neck pain. It's really, that's been the greatest thing that I've done.
[What is your dream company/studio to work with?]
I am really looking forward to finding a studio or company that is extremely collaborative, imaginative, fun,
and that's where I would like to stay and grow– in an environment like that.
[What brands do you admire?]
My favourite brand is Sofia Zakia Jewelry.
I've never seen anyone else create jewelry like her. She takes from astrology, history,
mythology, and she just creates these magical little pieces, and I
I am incredibly inspired by her work, and I try to put as much imagination and creativity, in everything  I do.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
My favourite class to take in the graphic design course was definitely motion graphics
because that was something I had never tried outside of Algonquin. Never anything I had thought I would be interested in,
and I've had, I think, the most fun developing my motion graphics skills.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In 5 years, I see myself nicely settled in a collaborative and fun environment.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
My other hobbies are singing, acting, dancing, painting,
basically just creative stuff so I always knew I would end up down the creative path when it came to my career.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite Adobe app is definitely Photoshop because, just, what you can do in there is endless,
and I just, I don't think I'll stop learning the new things that I can do in there.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
To me, graphic design is the organized chaos of story telling.
It's the act of taking someones heart and soul and translating that into art.
[Outro]